Mic Check
When I was led to you
I knew you were the one for me
Come through, dig the sound
I swear the whole world could feel you MC
Crowd around
I used to cop a lot, but never copped no drop
Hold mics like pony tails tight and bob a lot
Stop and stick around, come through and dig the sound
Of the fly brown 6-0 sicko psycho who throws his dick around
Bound to go three-plat, came to destroy rap
It's a intricate plot of a b-boy strapped
Femstat cats get kidnapped
Then release a statement to the press, let the rest know who did that
Metal Fist terrorists claim responsibility
Broken household name usually said in hostility
Um... what is MF? You silly
I'd like to take "Mens to the End" for two milli'
"Doo-doo-doo-doo-doo!" That's a audio daily double
Rappers need to fall off just to save me the trouble, yo
Watch your own back came in and go out alone, black
Stay in the zone—turn H2O to Cognac
You might also like
On Doomsday, ever since the womb
‘Til I'm back where my brother went, that's what my tomb will say
Right above my government; Dumile
Either unmarked or engraved, hey, who's to say?

I wrote this one in B.C. D.C. O-section
If you don't believe me, go get bagged and check then
Cell number seventeen, up under the top bunk
I say this not to be mean, wish bad luck or pop junk
Pop the trunk on Cee Cipher Punk, leave him left scraped
God forbid, if there ain't no escape, blame MF tape
Definition "super-villain": a killer who love children
One who is well-skilled in destruction, as well as building
While Sidney Sheldon teaches the trife to be trifer
I'm trading science fiction with my man the live lifer
A pied piper holler a rhyme, a dollar and a dime
Do his thing, ring around the white collar crime
Get out my face, askin' ‘bout my case, need toothpaste
Fresher mint, monkey-style nigga get mentadent
And dope fiends still in they teens, shook niggas turn witness
Real mens mind their own business
That's the difference between sissy-pissy rappers that's double-dutch
How come I hold the microphone double-clutch
C.O.'s make rounds, never have ‘ox found
On shakedown, lock-down, wet dreams of Fox' Brown
On Doomsday!, ever since the womb
‘Til I'm back where my brother went, that's what my tomb will say
Right above my government; Dumile
Either unmarked or engraved, hey, who's to say?

Doomsday, ever since the womb
‘Til I'm back to the essence, read it off the tomb
Either engraved or unmarked grave, who's to say?
Pass the mic like "Pass the peas like they used to say"
Some M-er F-ers don't like how Sally walk
I'll tell y'all fools it's hella cool how ladies from Cali talk
Never let her interfere with the Yeti ghetto slang
Nicknames off nipplin' tip of nipples metal fang
Known amongst hoes for the bang-bang
Known amongst foes for flow without no talking orangutans
Only gin and Tang
Guzzled out a rusty tin can, me and this mic is like yin and yang
Clang! Crime don't pay, listen, youth
It's like me holding up the line at the kissing booth
I took her back to the truck, she was uncouth
Spittin' all out the sunroof, through her missing tooth
But then she has a sexy voice, sound like Jazzy Joyce
So I turned it up faster than a speeding knife
Strong enough to please a wife
Able to drop today's math in the 48 keys of life
Cut the crap far as rap
Touch the mic, get the same thing a Arab will do to you for stealing
What the Devil? He's on another level
It's a word! No, a name! MF - the Super-Villain!
Doomsday
To dig the sound
Crowd around
When I was led to you
I knew you were the one for me
I swear the whole world could feel you MC

Yo! Yo!
MF DOOM, Mr. Fantastik
Mr. Fantastik Villain
What up, nigga? Ain't nuttin; what's the word?
What's cracking, boy? Same ol' shit, kid
Man Different day, you know?
These rap snitches, man, shit is bugged out, man
What the fuck, man? Shit, you telling me
Niggas running their mouth, telling e'rything, e'rything Critical

Rap snitches, telling all their business
Sit in the court and be their own star witness
"Do you see the perpetrator?" Yeah, I'm right here
Fuck around, get the whole label sent up for years, uh
Rap snitches, telling all their business
Sit in the court and be their own star witness
"Do you see the perpetrator?" Yeah, I'm right here
Fuck around, get the whole label sent up for years, uh

Type profile low, like A in Paid in Full
Attract heavy cash cause the game's centrifugal
Mr. Fantastik, long dough like Elastic
Guard my life with twin Glocks that's made out of plastic
Can't stand a brown-nosing nigga, fake ass bastard
Admiring my style, tour bus through Manhattan
Plotting, plan the quickest, my flow's the sickest
My hoes be the thickest, my dro the stickiest
Street nigga, stamped and bonafide
When beef jump niggas come get me cause they know I ride
True to the ski mask, New York's my origin
Play a fake gangsta like an old accordion
According to him, when the D's rushed in
Complication from the wire, testimony was thin
Caused his man to go up north, the ball hit 'em again
Lame rap snitch nigga even told on the Mexican
You might also like
Rap snitches, telling all their business
Sit in the court and be their own star witness
"Do you see the perpetrator?" Yeah, I'm right here
Fuck around, get the whole label sent up for years
Rap snitches, telling all their business
Sit in the court and be their own star witness
"Do you see the perpetrator?" Yeah, I'm right here
Fuck around, get the whole label sent up for years
True, there's rules to this shit, fools dare care
Everybody wanna rule the world with tears for fear
Yeah, yeah, tell 'em tell it on the mountain hill
Running up they mouth bill, everybody doubting still
Informer, keep it up and get tested
Pop through your bubble vest or double-breasted
He keep a lab down south in the little beast
So much heat you woulda thought it was the Middle East
A little grease always keeps the wheels a-spinning
Like sitting on twenty threes to get the squealers grinning
Hitting on many trees, feel real linen
Spitting on enemies, get the steel for tin men
Where no brains but gum flap
He said his gun clap, then he fled after one slap (Pap!)
Son, shut your trap, save it for the bitches
Mmm, delicious, rapp snitch knishes
You know what I'm saying? It's terrible
Crazy, man, I'm just analyzing this whole game
This is bugged out, man, niggas is snitching
Telling on they own self It's a horror, yo
Fuck around and get everybody bagged, man
Atrocities Fuck around and get yo mama bagged, nigga
You know your grandmama used to be bootlegging
Fake hustling nigga, heheheheh, haha
Perpetrator? Yeah, I'm right here

Now I haven't eaten all day. How am I gonna do this man?
Yeah don't wait for her man, don't wait for her
I'll tell you what man: come with me now and you know
I'll get you some lunch, I'll hook you up with something
I got a little bank, y'know, no problem
I hear you, that's cool (Alright? It's cool)
Man, can't you guys just wait here about a half hour, man?
Yo I'll be back man, I'm just gonna munch up a little bit man, I'm pretty hungry
Yo let him come back

Here you will find food for your body
As well as comfort for your troubled mind
I'd really like some soup (Bread and butter)
Of course my friend. What happened to your hand?
Oh, food at last!

How did they get here?
Regular storage procedure, the same as the other food
What other food?
Fish (Food) protein (Fast for ya)
You might also like
Now what happened?
Well, the cop got
The next morning I went to the store to get some food
(Bread and butter) They arrested me
I'll save you (Thank you)
Would you like a snack?
Thanks for the drink

Operation Doomsday complete
All your intercoms casualty and damage testing

Enough! You talk of the people's rights
The people have only those rights which I choose to give them
And that's for their own good, believe me
I do, DOOM
They disappoint me, they must work faster
But the prisoner-
Ah yes, the young traitor who has tried to turn my people against me
Watch him, I have special plans for that one

Beef rap, could lead to getting teeth capped
Or even a wreath for mom dukes on some grief crap
I suggest you change your diet
It can lead to high blood pressure if you fry it
Or even a stroke, heart attack, heart disease
It ain't no starting back once arteries start to squeeze
Take the easy way out phony, until then
They know they wouldn't be talking that bologna in the bullpen
So disgusting, pardon self as I discuss this
They talk a wealth of shit and they ain't never seen injustice
Bust this, like a cold milk from out the toilet
Two batteries, some Brillo and some foil, heat'll boil it
He be better off on PC glued
And it's a feud so don't be in no TV mood
Every week it's mystery meat, seaweed stewed
(Food, we need food!)
He wears a mask just to cover the raw flesh
A rather ugly brother with flows that's gorgeous
Drop dead joints hit the whips like bird shit
They need it like a hole in they head or a third tit
Her bra smell, his card say, "Aw Hell!"
Barred from all bars and kicked out the Carvel
Keep a cooker where the jar fell
And keep a cheap hooker that's off the hook like Ma Bell
Top bleeding, maybe fella took the loaded rod gears
Stop feeding babies colored sugar-coated lard squares
The odd pair swears and God fears
Even when it's rotten, we've gotten through the hard years
I wrote this note around New Year's
Off a couple of shots and a few beers, but who cares?
Enough about me, it's about the beats
Not about the streets and who food he 'bout to eat
A rhyming cannibal who's dressed to kill and cynical
Whether is it animal, vegetable or mineral
It's a miracle how he get so lyrical
And proceed to move the crowd like a old negro spiritual
For a mil', do a commercial for Mello Yello
Tell them devils, "Hell no, sell y'all own Jello"
We hollow krills, she swallow pills
He follow flea collar three dollar bills
And squealed for halal veal, if y'all appeal
Dig the real, it's how the big ballers deal
Twirl a L after every meal ("Food!")
What up? To all rappers: shut up with your shutting up
And keep a shirt on, at least a button-up
Yuck, is they rhymers or strippin' males?
Out-of-work jerks since they shut down Chippendales
They chippin' nails, DOOM tippin' scales
Let alone the pre-orders that's counted off shippin' sales
This one goes out to all my peoples skippin' bail
Dippin' jail, whippin' tail and sippin' ale
Light the doobie 'til it glow like a ruby
After which, they couldn't find the Villain, like Scooby
He's in the lab on some old Buddha Monk shit
Overproof drunk shit, but who'd'a thunk it?
Punk, try and ask why ours be better
Could be the iron mask or the Cosby sweater
Yes, you, who's screwed by the dude on the CD, nude
("We need food!")

I get no kick from champagne
Mere alcohol doesn't thrill me at all
So tell me, why shouldn't it be true?
I get a kick out of brew

There's only one beer left
Rappers screaming all in our ears like we're deaf
Tempt me, do a number on the label
Eat up all they emcees and drink 'em under the table
Like, "It's on me, put it on my tab, kid"
However you get there, foot it, cab it, iron-horse it
You're leaving on your face, forfeit
I crush the mic, hold it like the heat, he might toss it
Told him tell 'em they stole it, he told her he lost it
She told him, "Get off it," and a bunch of other more shit
Getting money, DT's be getting no new leads
It's like he eating watermelon: stay spitting new seeds
It's the weed, give me some of what he drooping off
Soon as he wake up, choking like it was whooping cough
They group been soft
First hour at the open bar and they're trooping off
He went to go laugh and get some head by the side road
She asked him autograph her derriere, it read:
"To Wide Load, this yardbird taste like fried toad turd
Love, Villain"—take pride in code words
Crooked eye, mold, nerd, geek with a cold heart
Probably still be speaking in rhymes as an old fart
Study how to eat to die by the pizza guy
No, he's not too fly to skeet in a skeezer eye
And squeeze her thigh, maybe give her curves a feel
The same way she feel it when he flow with nerves of steel
They call the super when they need their back—uh, plumbing fixed
"How is only one left? The pack comes in six!
Whatever happened to two and three?"
A herb tried to slide with four and five
And got caught like, "What you doing, G?
Don't make him have to get cutting like truancy
Matter fact, not for nothing, right now, you and me!"
Looser than a pair of Adidas
I hope you brought your spare tweeters
MCs sound like cheerleaders
Rapping and dancing like Red Head Kingpin
DOOM came to do the thing again, no matter who be blingin'
He do it for the smelly hubbies
Seeds know what time it is like it's time for "Teletubbies"
Few can do it, even fewer can sell it
Take it from the dude who wear a mask like a 'tarded helmet
He plots shows like robberies:
"In and out, one, two, three—no bodies, please!
Run the cash and you won't get a wet sweatshirt
The mic is the shotty: nobody move, nobody get hurt
Bring heat like the boy done gone to war
He came in the door and, 'Everybody on the floor!'
A whole string of jobs like we on tour
Every night on the score, coming to your corner store"
You might also like
There, it is done
Now that the representative from South Africa has been
Mind programmed
All of the world leaders on earth are under my control
And when they meet tomorrow in special session
I, DOOM, shall be voted 'Master of the World'
My plan is foolproof, but just in case
And what about snow?

Now you keep your eyes open
When I tell ya, start snappin' (Oh yeah, sure)
Uh, ladies und gentlemen
I am risking my life to tell you with, with great concern
That I must warn you, I, I
You must listen
Many among you, have, have had their minds taken over
(What a story, start snappin’)
DOOM, gosh, I wish I’d brought my autograph book
(Your attempts at humor bore me) Right, lead-head
You’re weird
Why is everyone staring at us?
(Aw, I should have realized, we must look like freaks to them)
Relax masseur, just do your thing
(Get a good grip on my—)
What? Why, I’ll bend your read-out meter for ya, you little
(Hey, knock it off, Ben)
What’s the matter? (Oh, Ben)
You’re nothing but a chicken-head
(You overgrown granite-head) Hold it

Keep your hoes in check
"Super!"
I got this girl and she wants me to duke her
I told her I'd come scoop her around eight, she said, "Super!
That sounds great!" Shorty girl's a trooper
No matter what I need her to do, she be like, "Super!"
Own his own throne, the boss like King Koopa
On the microphone he flossed the ring "Super!"
Average emcees is like a TV blooper
MF DOOM, he's like D.B. Cooper
Out with the moolah, I let her get a outfit
Just to cool her off, she said, "Niggas ain't about shit"
I wonder if she meant it, I doubt it
The way it be in her mouth she can't live without it
And can't live with this, handle your business
Villain'll stay on a scandalous ho's shit list
One pack of cookies, please, Mr. Hooper
It's fun smacking rookies, he is the "Super!"
Look like a Black Wookiee when he let his beard grow
Weirdo, brown-skinned'd, always kept his hair low
Rumors has it it's a S-Curl accident
DOOM was always known to keep the best girls' backs bent
Some say it's the eyes, some say the accent
A lot of guys wonder where they stacks went
I call her Thunder-Thighs with the fatty swoll-uh
Only mess with high rollers, do what Daddy told her
No matter the city she with me to do the thang-thang
Work in the coochie, hoopty chitty-chitty bang-bang
Same name on the titty as on the name ring
Pretty like Baby D off "All in the Same Gang"
Keep my eye on her, really don't trust her
But I treat her like a daughter, taught her how to bust a nut
And the heat to turn beef to horsemeat chalupa
Teach her how to hold it, of course, he is the "Super!"
See, most cats treat her like Foofur
Or beat her to a stupor, take it from the "Super!"
You need to make her feel cuter
And lay down the G like Luther, everything'll be "Super!"
Do for her, keep her in a new fur
So she look sweet when she go to meet the "Super!"
Got the buddha get the Grenadiers, twist it
Put it in the air, come here, kiss it
Listen here scooter, let her try to bag you
When she's on the rag, never let her fry the ragù
Which'll have you under some type of spell crying, "Dag, boo"
Her name on your back in a tattoo
Whether a bougie broad, nerd ho, street chick
Don't call her Wifey if you met her at the Freaknik
You don't want her don't waste her time, I'll duke her
And be a father to your child like the "Super!"
He keep his hoes in check
Sends 'em out to get glows from off frozen necks
Tell 'em, "Take his clothes, leave him posing naked for real
Better yet, get him for the check off the record deal
Find out where he keep the Tec and the blue steel
Make sure for extra wreck, let him know how you feel
And while he's running down to All-Star Weekend to ball
I'm coming with the U-Haul" "Super!"
("Super!")
("Super!")
You might also like
(DOOM): Has the laser cannon been loaded?
(DOOM Crony): Everything has been prepared as you ordered. But how did you get permission to return to New York, Master?
(DOOM): Through the efforts of a misguided... fool
(J. Jonah Jameson): It's free enterprise! And I'm not gonna let some blasted government bureaucrat tell me how to run my business
(Jameson Employee): But DOOM—
(J. Jonah Jameson): Will be my guest on my private estate on Long Island! There's nothing you can do about it
(Jameson Employee): He's dangerous, I just hope you know what you're doing
(J. Jonah Jameson):  Don't I always? Ah, there's DOOM's jet, right on time
(Peter Parker): Why is it so cold down here?
(Voice 2): The heat went out in the whole building
(Voice 3): Warm enough out there on Long Island with DOOM
(Peter Parker): DOOM? Here in New York?
(Robbie Robertson): Yes, DOOM, has an amazing new machine
(DOOM): Get the president of the United States on the phone
(J. Jonah Jameson): How long's all this gonna take, DOOM?
(DOOM): I would not advise you to repeat that error
(J. Jonah Jameson): Sure, I know what you mean

Already woke, spared a joke, barely spoke, rarely smoke
Stared at folks when properly provoked, mirror broke
Here, share a strawberry morning
Gone, an' more important spawning, torn in, poor men sworn in
Cornish hens switching positions
Auditioning morticians, saw it in a vision, ignoring prison
Ignoramuses enlist and sound dumb
Found 'em drowned in cow's dung, crowns flung
Rings a Tinkerbell, sing for things that's frail as a fingernail
Bring a scale, stale ginger lingers
Seven figures invigor
Nigga, fresh from out the jail, alpha male
Sickest ninja injury this century, enter plea
Lend sympathy to limper Simple Simon rhymin' emcees
Trees is free, please leave a key
These meager fleas, he's the breeze
And she's the bee's knees for sheez, G's of G's
Seize property, shopper sprees, chop the cheese
Drop degrees to stop diseases, gee-whiz, pa
DOOM rock grandma like the kumbaya
Mama was a ho hopper, papa was a rolling stone star like Obama
Pull a card like oh, drama
Civil liberties
These little titties' abilities riddle me, middle C (Ah)
Mm, give a MC a rectal hysterectomy
Lecture on removal of the bowels, foul technically
Don't expect to see the recipe
Until we receive the check as well as the collection fee
More wreck than Section Z, what you expect to get for free?
Shit from me, history
The key, plucked it off the mayor
Chucked it in the ol' tar pit off La Brea, player
They say he's gone too far
DOOM'll catch 'em after Jumah on cue lacka
Do what ya gotta do, grrah
The rumors are not true, got to ma
No prob, got the job, hot bod, heartthrob
Scotchguard the bar with cotton swabs, dart lob
Bake a cake, sweet, Jamaica trade in treats on the beach
Make her skeet 'til her feets meet
You might also like
Can it be I stayed away too long?
Did you miss these rhymes when I was gone?
As you listen to these crazy tracks
Check them stats then you know where I'm at
And that's that
Look, there's Doom now
I followed him to the studio, but I was too late to stop him
That's right, you'll never stop me
You're dead, you're all dead

Ayo, yo, y'all can't stand right here
In his right hand was your man's worst nightmare
Loud enough to burst his right eardrum, close-range
The game is not only dangerous, but it's most strange

I sell rhymes like dimes
The one who mostly keep cash but brag about the broker times
Joking rhymes, like the "Is you just happy to see me?" trick
Classical slapstick rappers need Chapstick
A lot of 'em sound like they in a talent show
So I give 'em something to remember like the Alamo
Tally-ho! A high Joker like a Spades game
Came back from five years laying and stayed the same
Saying, electromagnetic field, it blocks all logic, Spock
And G-Shocks her biological clock
When I hit it, slid into the shitter, thought I killed her goose
Her Power U's was pure Brita water filter juice
Keep a pen like a fiend keep a pipe with him
Gentleman who lent a pen to a friend who write with him
Never seen the shit again, but he's still my dunny
The only thing that come between us is krill and money
You might also like
I sell rhymes like dimes
The one who mostly keep cash but brag about the broker times

Better rhymes make for better songs, it matters not
If you got a lot of what it takes just to get along
Surrender now or suffer serious setbacks
Got getback, connects wetback, get stacks
Even if you gots to get jet-black, head to toe
To get the dough, battle for bottles of Mo' or 'dro
This fly flow take practice like Tae Bo with Billy Blanks
"Oh, you're too kind!" "Really? Thanks!"
To the gone and lost forever like "Oh My Darling Clementine"
He hold his heart when he telling rhyme
When it's his time, I hope his soul go to Heaven
He nasty like the old time Old No. 7
You still taste it when you chase it with the Coca-Cola
Make 'em wish they could erase it out the Motorola
I told her, "No credit for a bag
If you want what they got, then go get it, it's all gack"
Only in America could you find a way to earn a healthy buck
And still keep your attitude on self-destruct

I sell rhymes like dimes
The one who mostly keep cash but tell about the broke times
Joking rhymes, like the "Is you just happy to see me?" trick
Classical slapstick rappers need Chapstick
A lot of 'em sound like they in a talent show
So I give 'em something to remember like the Alamo
Tally-ho! A high Joker like a Spades game
Came back from five years laying and stayed the same
Saying, "Electromagnetic feeling blocks all logical, Spock"
And G-Shocks her biological clock
When I hit it, slit her to the shitter,  thought I killed her goose
Her Power U was pure Brita water filter juice
Keep a pen like a fiend keep a pipe with him
Gentleman who lent a pen to a friend who write with him
Never seen the shit again but he's still my dunny
The only thing that come between us is krill and money

We sell rhymes like dimes
The one who mostly keep cash but tell about the broke times
"In your arms tonight
She'll reflect
That she owes you the sweetest of debts
If she wants to pay"
Check it out, y'all! Ya don't stop! Keep on, to the sure shot!
Huh-ha! What the deal, god? Uh, uh, uh, uh, oh!
Yeah, you're listening to the buttery slickness
The Land-O-Lakes from my man MF DOOM!
Ha ha ha ha! Yeah!
Rock-shocking the house, with another nugget
Uh-uh-ah, eh, oh, ah, hoo-wee!
Yeah! Yeah!
Regulation status, right here
Fondle 'Em Recordings, 1999
Yeah!
Now what are you 'posed to say on the end of records?
I don't know! Yeah! Woo! Yeah!
Mashed potatoes!
Apple sauce!
Buttery... biscuits!
And I get lost
A yes, yes, yes, yes y'all
You don't stop
Keep on, a' to the break-a-dawn
Say what?
Uh!
Yeah!
You thought it all was over!
You thought the song was over!
Ah! We tricked you! We tricked you!
Ha ha ha ha... Woo!
You listening to www  dot hairline dot com
MF DOOM, Kool Bob Love...

Before we go any further
Friends

As you call 'em, they call you when they need something
Trees for the bluntin', to G's for the frontin'
I found a way to get peace of mind for years and left the hell alone
Turn a deaf ear to the cellular phone
Send me a letter or better, we could see each other in real life
Just so you could feel me like a steel knife
At least so you could see the white of they eyes
Bright with surprise, once they finish spitting lies
Associates, is your boys, your girls, bitches, niggas, homies
Close, or really don't know me
Mom, dad, comrade, peeps, brothers, sisters, duns, dunnies
Some come around when they need some money
Others make us laugh like the Sunday funnies
Fam be around whether you paid or bummy
You could either ignore this advice or take it from me:
Be too nice and people take you for a dummy
So nowadays, he ain't so friendly
Actually they wouldn’t even made a worthy enemy
Read the signs: "No feeding the baboons"
Seein' as how they got ya back bleeding from the stab wounds
Y'all know the dance, they smile in ya face, y'all know the glance
Try to put 'em on, they blow the chance
Never let your so-called mans know your plans
(How many of us have them?) A show of hands
(Friends) is a term some people use loosely
I'm real choosy on what I choose to let crew see
You telling me I try to act broke
Jealousy the number one killer among black folk
Fellas be under some type of spell like crack smoke
Ghetto Cinderellas lead 'em right to your stack, loc
Just another way a chick'll lead to your end
I checked the dictionary for the meaning of friend
It said: "person one likes to socialize with
Sympathizer, helper", and that's about the size of it
Most of the time these attributes is one-sided
To bolster the crime, they're apt to shoot you through your eyelid
And they can't hide it, going wild like a white bitch
Sometimes ya need to cut niggas off like a light switch
(Flick!) And when things get quiet
Catch 'em like a thief in the night, what a riot
I first met Mr. Fantastik at a arms deal
Don't let it get drastic, think of how your moms'll feel
When it get for real, steel get to sparkin'
Everything darken, it ain't no talkin'
For somethin' so cheap, it sure buys a lot of trouble
Ya better off focusing than tryin' to plot to bubble
Or else it'd be a sad note to end on, the guns we got is
(One's we can depend on, friends)
Some come in the form of co-dependents
A lot of times only end up being co-defendants
Ten bucks say they tell for a lower sentence
And leave you up under the jail, begging for repentance
It don't make no sense, what happened to the loyalty?
Honor amongst crooks, trust among royalty
I'd rather go out in a blaze than give 'em the glory
(How many of us have—) a similar story?
(Friends) before lovers, we used to have some type of over-standing
Just so when I let her get the man thing
She know it's no strings, we could do the damn thing
But ho, it's no rings, just how the tramp swings
Will she see him again? That depends on
"How good was the skins?" and "Could she memorize the lessons?"
It ain't no need to pretend
Even though she let him stab it, she know they're just friends
You might also like
Friends
How many of us have them?
Friends
Ones we can depend on?
Friends
How many of us have them?
Friends
Before we go any further

Fellas! Don't be silly! I know who my friends are!
And the next nice neighborhood I move into, you guys'll get crack'
(Negro humor always escaped me.)
[Outro Skit: Character 1; Mr. Fantastic; (Invisible Woman);
Dr. DOOM; Character 2]
The most powerful, the most mysterious monarch in all the world
Guided by a fighting force that never sleeps
That never relaxes its vigilance
For none is as feared, none has as many foes
As DOOM, the awesome armorclad lord of
I know who Doom is (Then tell us)
He happens to be the most dangerous man in the world
I’d hope we’d never hear from him
I’d hope we’d never have to battle him
But now the worst has happened and I must tell you what we’re up against
I first met DOOM years ago
When he wanted to be alone, alone to pursue his forbidden experiments
One day while conducting a secret experiment
 Later, when he recovered from his injuries
Instead of having learned his lesson, DOOM was bitter, angry, vengeful
 What have I done to myself?
My face, it is hideous
He traveled the world, seeking a cure for his disfigured face
(I’m sorry sir, there is nothing we can do for you)
He traveled through remote villages, where strangers are seldom seen
He continued his search, never showing his face
Unless threatened by bandits who prey on travelers
Who foolishly wander alone through their domain

(Hot shit) (Aww shit)

I strive to be humble, lest I stumble
Never sold a jumbo or copped chicken with its mumbo
Sauce, Tyson is a fowl holocaust
Hitler gassed your whole head up with poultry, I'm fed up
Ignore cordon bleu, stand up, get up
Lunge for your knife, don't forget your potholders
(Hot shit)

What, these old things? About to throw 'em away
With the gold rings that make 'em don't fit like OJ
Usually I take them off with Oil of Olay
MCs is crabs in a barrel, pass the Old Bay
Hot as hell and it's a cold day, innit?
Working on a way that we can roll away tinted
Some say the price of holding heat is often too high
You either be in a coffin or you be the new guy
The one that's too fly to eat shoo pie
Never too busy when it comes down to you and I
(Swear to God) A lot of niggas wish to die
They need to hold they horses, there's bigger fish to fry
You're on the list, if not, pick a number spot
Ten and a half Timbs is made to kick your bumba claat
I coulda had a V-8
F-150 quad cab but I'll be straight
Money comes and goes like that two bit hussy
That night that tried to rush me, Dwight, pass the dutchie
So I can calm down so they don't get it twisted
Take it from the fire side, it won't get blistered
Got it, what happened? Oh, it's not lit
These metal fingers be holding (Hot shit)
You might also like
When I was four, I penned "God Was Born In New York"
Back in '77, still got nan in the crescent
The effervescence of God's presence is thick
Unlike vapor, Esther Rolle, extra raw, word to the baker
Peace to the hardworkin' gingerbread makers
Looked her up and down, said: "Hmm, too much makeup"
Poor music taste, ten years from being grown up
Rappers don't blow up, heads do (Aww, shit)
My name is Dwight Spitz, I'm a Sonic addict
I use to think it was merely a nagging habit
Born under a bad sign, I'm serious about this curse of mine
I strive to flip it into fine wine
"Barely born a virgin" is what the stars said
Black not white, red all over, though, like Elmo
Twenty-eight years have passed, I feel I'm peaking
I make music every weekend
It's a chore, a fact of life, a labor of love
I get mad love, but I detest the labor
And its wages—you know, death?
I'm servin' life from this gift of God
Don't forget your potholders, my niggas

(More hot shit)
(More hot shit)
(More hot shit)
A short time later

Villain man never ran with krills in his hand and
Won't stop rockin' til he clocked in a gazillion grand
Tillin' the wasteland sands
Raps on backs of treasure maps, stacks to the ceilin' fan
He rest when he's ashes
Ask 'em after ten miles in his galoshes, smashes stashes
Chip on his shoulder with a slip on holster
A clip, a folder and his grip on a boulder bolster
They supposed to know, it show when his aura glow
Get from out the row, when he get dough, it's horrible
Time is money, spend, waste, save, invest the fess
For ten K's, he'll cave a chicken chest S
Yes, y'all, the dub will get you trickles
The best ballers pitch in and rub together nickels
But, tut-tut, he 'bout to change the price again
It go up each time he blow up like hydrogen
Villain here, have 'em shrillin' in fear
And won't stop top illin' 'til he a gazillionaire
Grillin' stare, yeah, your boy had drama
Got 'em on a mental plane, avoided bad karma
Once sold an inbred skinhead a nigga joke
Plus a brand-new chrome smoker with the triggers broke
I thought I told 'em, "Firing pins was separate"
He find out later when he tries to go and rep it
Took a Jehovah money for a Arabic Torah
Charged in advance to translate it and ignored her, sorta
One monkey don't stop no slaughter
A junkie wanna cop a quarter-ton, run for the border
Know the drill, it ain't worth the overkill
Flow skill, still, there's no thrill
Fill a billion 10K bills in his pillow
Villain, when it gets realer, split the skrilla with—
You might also like

Dilla (Dilla) mix, mix, mix
Do a deal for kicks and get rich quick
Sketch lyric, bet your bottom nick' on some vic'
Ick from the drumstick come with the dumb schtick
Sick slick, hidden in a book
The only way they find it if it's spittin' in a hook
Listen, don't look now, keep walkin'
Traded three beans for this cow, cheap talkin'
Hawk men stalkin' hear that we hawkin' often
Coughin' to a coffin, might as well scoff the pork then
He's like Worf, some say stronger though
Off the top, Jay Strongbow, play along bro
Wear a mask like yo, off The Gong Show
Flow slow as Mongo, Don Juan thong pro
For ya info when he's not practicin' Jim Crow
Or actressing some nympho bimbo
He's playin' Ray J, the old tape
DOOM—well what can I say like JJ in a gold cape
Fill it to the rim like brim
Villain and ya won't find him in no gym
Probably a foggy bog with the frogs
With a dot on the guard as he squat on a log
Half cocked and half baked
Used to keep a full stock of work, half rocked and half shake
My mistake, sign a track agreement
For more G's than lines and cracks in the cement
In any event, it's fake like wrestlin'
Get 'em like Jake The Snake on mescalines
Ahem—elixir for the dry throat
Tried to hit the high note, Villain since a itsy bitsy zygote
By remote, send in the meat wagon
Braggin' MC's packed in with they feets draggin'
These stats are staggerin'
Had his Ph.D in indiscreet street hagglin'

Villain, his agenda is clear
Endin' this year with dividends to spare, here
It's not meant for the seein'
Went through the ceilin' after enterin' his center bein'
A new meanin' to sales through the roof
Guaranteed raw and saw his truth was truth, proof
It's the return of the tramp
Who do a duet jam when Ernest goes to camp
For the right earn, na'mean? Like Vern
We need some more oil for the machines to burn, learn
Jiminy Crickets
He gets lucky like winnin' free tickets off sickly lyrics
One man's waste is another man's soap
Son's fanbase know the brother-man's dope
A real weirdo with a bugged, rare flow
And the way his hair grow was ugly as a scarecrow
He wears a mask so the charge won't grab
On a rooftop with a large stone slab
Heads up, talk white and thought niggerish
Refuse to walk tight and got his off the vigorish
Black licorice and equally as yucky
How he handled the money was strictly Dan Stuckie
Monkey hustle, man on fire
Later for the date than the Hadron Collider
And cost more, it be seemin' like a style
DOOM leave the competition steamin' like a pile
Smile (ding!) Sparklin' jewels
In effect like alternate side of the street parkin' rules
Fools, the roach was never dead
Live for a week, then dehydrate with a severed head
Instead, it was depicted as flicked in
Split, the wigs lit (Can you dig it?)
We have got to try and find DOOM!
Good luck!

It's the beat (DOOM), he hear it in his sleep sometimes
Blare it in your jeep so your peoples can stare at them rhymes
Real rhymes not your everyday hologram
Even when ribs was touchin', never swallowed the ham
He'd rather eat a sand sandwich salad
It might need salt like your man's bland ballad
A lot of stuff happens that the news won't tell you's
Blues on L juice, snooze, all hell loose
Rake it, take it like the good, the bad, the ugly
Break it, rollin' through ya hood in the caddy buggy
Butter softy, leather flossy, fatty juggy
Always threw me off when she told me, "Daddy, funk me"
I'm like, "Anywho's"
Seeds walkin' all out in the street without any shoes
I guess it's better than some funky socks
You need to get her some skips before she catch the monkey pox (Hahahahaha)
Instead she wanna hear the beatbox
Take pills and make fake krills as sheetrock
Sing it, bring it back to your laboratory
While he's in his oratory, glory, it's like a horror story
The mask is like Jason
They told the place not to let the basket type case in
He could be some kind of wacko
Waitin' for the chance to heat the pipes like a crack ho
He busted in, blessed be the Lord
Who believe any mess they read up on a message board
If so, I got bridges for the low low
Same bitch a-go dry snitchin' to the popo
Here, orange peel stogs for the whole tier
Feel like I've been gone over a year, came home to old gear
It was the shit when I first scooped it
At least I get to sit out in New York and curse stupid
Plead the fifth, sip wine stiffly
Patiently come up and be spiffy in a jiffy
Gift for the grind, criminal mind shifty
Swift with the nine through a fifty nine fifty
Well edumacated, he heard it when he meditated 9n deep theta
Let her hate, the creep played her
Dedicated cheap skata who keeps data
Say he stay self medicated to sleep later
Side effects is similar to sugar pill
Whoever go next on the mic he put a booger, ill
And made his exit on some calm shit
Begged him on the regular for kegs of more vomitspit
("DOOM!")You might also like

My servants began to forge what was to become the most dreaded costume on the face of the earth. The last thing to fit was the mask. Would it conform to my twisted features in comfort?

He cleans his metal mask with gasoline, they after him
Last seen pulling chicks like a fiend pull a fast one
Can't put shit past him
Got niggas on his own team mad enough to blast him
Retarded in real life, on the mic Rain Man
Stand close to his main man like a chain gang
Who give a fuck about who or they fancy crew
That's no mystery, like Hardy Boys do with Nancy Drew
Saw her with her drawers down, caught her
The extorter bring slaughter like "Well I oughta"
I suggest you hand over the formula, 'dullah
A villain in your land, in his land a ruler
Hard hitting like puffing a woolah with Lieutenant Uhura
Every day feel like it's an off day with Ferris Bueller
Brother pull heat to prove they not sweet
No matter how you spell it, we still got beats

Don't question how we live, question what we give
Take it to the next leave 'em where they can't see me
Still they judge, but they be butt ass
Twist that wig like a muppet, keep it simple, can't truss it
Light's the fuel, mic is the tool
Drink Jack, kick back, drop jewel, finish what I start
Mastered the art, living hell can't explain it
Inhale confuse it more, cop the .44
Contemplate, meditate, dictate
I direct my direct fate, coming of late
Kurious, can I say, "Shit?"
Do it for Kadi Rock, do it for K.Nit
(RIP)
K-N-I-T, Sub R-O-C
(Eternally for M-I-C)
Only we save we
You might also like

By candlelight my hand will write these rhymes 'til I'm burnt out
Mostly from experience, shit that I learned about
Topics and views, generally concerned about
With different ways to come up and earn clout
I take a look at my life and pace the trails
From Tablik and savage females with fake nails to face veils
You out your frame for still bagging 'em, too
You know I know, these hoes be asking me if I'm you
Like my twin brother, we did everything together
From hundred raka'at salats to copping butter leathers
Remember when you went and got the dark blue Ballys?
I had all the different color Cazals and Gazelles
The "SUBROC" three-finger ring with the ruby in the "O", ahk
Truly the illest dynamic duo on the whole block
I keep a flick of you with the machete sword in your hand
Everything is going according to plan man

And now I seek revenge on the one who forced me to hide behind this mask. Don't move you fools. Within my gauntlet is concealed a most effective weapon!

Why are you smiling?
You see

Now!

That's the end of Doom

I only wish we could be certain of that commissioner

Oh ya? I bet'chu we won't see him again until Doomsday. 
Get it? Doom-Doomsday!

Ya, we get it. Oh Brother!

One more beer
And I'll take you all
All of you

Banned from all bars
The man with seven scars

Smack it up, flip it, pulled out, 'bout to fell
Sunday in the ATL and I'm all outta ale
Like a bat out of hell, tripped on a cat tail
Mutt drinkin out a pail, who let the rat out the cell?
Got all the ingredients and recipe, might as well
Since last week, the bootlegger been in jail
If all else fail, inhale the L
Makin' sure they can't see your sale via snail mail
Mind like a sewer, servin' rhyme on a skewer
DOOM'll step to a fine dime like he knew her
"My black sister!" She said, "Step back!" before he kissed her
She did the dipper and the smack just missed her
There go a list of politics like Henry Kissinger
99% of rap's just a friendly listener
I'm like, "These dudes must have some screws loose to hate y'all"
Or a couple of ounces short of deuce-deuce or 8 Ball
Y'all know it's time for the end when the day come
Buy a album, get rudely insulted over fake drums
Same CDs you get for free, you break 'em
Wa-alaikum, make 'em eat they food like Steak-umm
Why she wanna ask me if I could pass the paprika?
One hand on the mic, the other on the beaker
Every week or so, peeked out the lab though, eureka!
A technique to keep somethin' uniquer in ya speaker
For yo' information, I didn't do the beat, y'all
It ain't my fault if she didn't move her feet at all
Skeeter, robbed Peter to pay Paul
So he could trick it on Mary so she can play ball
You might also like
She better have my skrilla
Cut it out with all that funny hand jive, will ya?
All this trouble for a tall glass of Olde E
Drink it all fast and make you haul ass slowly
Remind me to remember what you told me
Holy moly, did you get a load of her roly-poly?
Yo, G, remind me to remember what you told me
Whoever don't feel him, feel balls like a goalie

One for the money, two for the better green
3,4-Methylenedioxymethamphetamine
Told the knock-kneed ghetto queen, "Get the head fiend"
Tell him it's from Medellin and use oxyacetylene
Who needs airplay? It's all just hearsay
Leave a wig like it was having a bad hair day
Miracle glide master, asked him what's his secret
He said, "Shasta, it turns to formaldehyde faster"
When I'm home with my lady, I try to duke her daily
One night, she tried to flail me with her ukulele
Pack your heat, the Villain on the cover of Black Beat
With a bunch of crackers and some snack meat

They better have my skrilla
Cut it out with all that funny hand jive, will ya?
All this trouble for a tall glass of Olde E
Drink it all fast and make you haul ass slowly
Remind me to remember what you told me
Holy moly, did you get a load of her roly-poly?
Yo, G, remind me to remember what you told me

Darker than the East River, larger than the Empire State
Where the beast who guard the barbed wire gate
Is on the job—not my fate, tired of the wait
'Til the Villain bring deliverance from the dire straits
Fire at a higher rate, why debate the liars?
Fliers scatter, buy a plate—isolate the wires
Try the straight pliers, if not—the vice grips
A real price-saver way to acquire nice whips
What a steal for real on wheels of steel
Stunner, a funner summer number-one meal deal-bummer
A bizarre phenomenon—is your armor on?
Take your cash, Karma, or break your fast—Ramadan
Transaction drama—aw, come on, Barney
Clack, clack—pardon me, whack rap con carne
He came to feed the childrens like Sally Struthers
After that, he's going back to Cali, where's the—("—love is—")
Wilder than the Nile, hold power like the great pyramids
Of Giza, and stay leanin' like the tower of Pisa
Give him something he can feel that's soft to squeeza
Raw with the pen, and on the mic—off the hezza
Get shot off that wide-eyed talk
And if he had a pot, he'd still piss on the sidewalk
Can't take the street out the street-person
Lookin' for the perfect beat, coercion into heat-burstin'
They couldn't spot him on the spot date
Got the only tape that come with a free hot-plate
Whoever do get to see me sing
With the 3 D-ring sittin' stationary like B.B. King
Can see how it really sting, it ain't no front row
Standing room only at the motocross stunt show
The ruckus ain't up to Snuffleupagus
Me and Sub' is like the brown Smothers Brothers ("My love is—")
Vaster than the seven seas, bigger than Mount Kilimanjaro
If they don't know, fill 'em in tomorrow
On the horror show, a mental note: return Bob’s record
Swear to God, before he gets a job, he robs an Eckerd
Blessed with a hot flow, tested it, got dough
Invested in stress, the best to finesse an opto
As I reminisce, never forgot when I was very broke
Shot the Henny straight, couldn't afford to cop the Cherry Coke
Or should I say, broke with wealth?
To know enough to give them just enough rope to yoke they self
Plan B before I take the ring and pawn it
The long arm of the law couldn't even put they fingers on it
Dog-gone it, do the statistics
How he bust lyrics, it's too futuristic for ballistics
And far too eccentric for forensics
I dedicate this mix to Subroc, the hip-hop Hendrix
You might also like
"In my pocket, a note. 
It's—from my father."
"—from the guard's whip. Is this a trick?
Why would I resort to trickery? You're already a prisoner. What do I gain by deceiving you?
You can't blame me for being suspicious."
"No."
Hehe

It's horrible
One little evening alone, home
End up with carpal tunnel syndrome
And here I am, known for giving heavy back aches
Grown and living off of Little Debbie snack cakes
Supposed to be checking emails
All I got is messages from ass naked females
I don't know a Jenny
She said it's free and I won't owe her a penny
And that's the last time I saw her
But thousands of more horrors on online Gomorrah
And Sodom, they got 'em with they curls out
And they got a better sales pitch than the Girl Scouts
I wonder what I owe her
For a whole box of caramel coconut samoa
("Nite nite!") Uh, okay honey, sweet dreams
Now it's time to get serious like Peek Freans
A metal handful, wipe it on the quilt
Wife wake up and I'm kill't over spilt milk
Locked in, looking at your picture
Fully clothed winter and I'm right there with ya
Thinking about the last time I split your wishbone
A man could only wish you do the same 'til he get home
Fat chance, at least he get snacks
That'd have to do 'til a brother get back
Until then smack One-Eyed Jack
And hope one of his peoples can hook him with a tri-pack
That's three different flavors
Chocolate, vanilla and strawberry wafers
Acting all hard, 'bout to get beat up
I'll show him what time it is once I get this sheet up
Soon as he fell off the beat down
All I hear is, "13th cell, put the sheet down"
Damn C.O., what the hell do she know?
Besides the fact she wanna get dug out on the d-low
A workaholic with a fountain in the ink pen
Out in the mountains and I stopped drinking again
In the wee hours, he's gotten farther
Needing three showers, being hot and bothered
The wiz with her legs bent, pregnant
God bless the day she wondered where her egg went
I need a L, it's hard to drink without it
And could use some kookies but trying not to think about it
Watching "BET" on jazz for knowledge on file
Every other commercial, college hoes gone wild
Soft batch, I prefer the other bunch
Like we got for lunch, chocolate fudge butter crunch
You might also like

He don't mess with the Ritz Bits
Wheat Thins, Saltines or Triscuits
Matzos or Cheez-Its
Catch sugar fits every time that he sees
Chips Ahoy, double chocolate chunk
Something with the bubble and the junk in the trunk
Even the Oreos, no matter what weather
Always kept 'em dipped in milk and stuck together
In the game he's shameless
Even uses a code name: Famous Amos
It's cheaper than a short stay at the Days Inn
And good like 25 cent oatmeal raisin
Give a hand to who invented the camera
Skip past the graham, animal and Grandma’s
Shh, make sure she don't wake from her dream chill
Or get caught with a handful of cream fill

"Oh, honey! What are you doing? That's so nasty!"
It might seem ill
"Ew! Go wash your hands!" (No)
Kookies
"Get out of here!"
"DOOM is master of the world."
"I'd sure hate to see that ugly mug of yours in my history book."
"You've disturbed me for the last time."
(Voice 1): Hey, y'know something gang, that DOOM ain't really all bad
(Voice 2): What do you mean, Ben?
(Voice 1): Well, on account of him I had me a real good time. Y'know, I mean, between you and me I kinda like being black
(Voice 3): Well, maybe if we're lucky he'll attack us once more and send you back, Benjamin
(Voice 1): Ah-haha very funny, very very funny
(Voice 2): He must be mad
(Voice 4): Well, if anyone can do it. Nevertheless let's get out of here, while we can
(Misc. Voice): Food, we need food

Give it a sec for the pain to start this wreck right here
It ain't for the faint of heart
They thought they saw the worst verse
From the team of G men who seem like nerds at first
Once they get to know us people dig us
Leaders in the fight for equal rights for niggas
Inventor of the more dementeder flow, no bout a-doubt it
This go for if you're bout it, bout it or rowdy, rowdy
Whatever's clever, the master foe
Who every hooker heard of, but now a ho know
If we see tomorrow, the next day classes
The Villain in the back with the x-ray glasses
Have no fear, the ninja here
Feel 'em like the tinge in your ear from drinkin' ginger beer
When it's on, loco head gon' lay low
And heat it like beef patty, coco bread con queso
If you say so, lace the whole case load
They say he wear a metal mask in case his face show
He told 'em they flows is bitch talk and ayo's
His whole crew walk with pitchfork and halos
Say ho if you never worked a J-O
And keep more cash in a stash than a peso
Okay, yo, y'all know who to follow
Tie 'em up in the crib and leave they place hollow
Oh, shoot, the goose she's loose
So wild you couldn't chase it down with straight fruit juice
Frown like the first time you taste couscous
Stash the deuce deuce, troops askin' "truce, truce"
Today on intense wreck week
We have the Supervillain in his own defense to speak
It's all part of my mental techniques
Available to freaks and pencil-neck geeks
Train a sane brain to an insane train of thought
On a campaign trail he came to gain your support
Charge cash for a autograph
Say some shit to make your daughter laugh, then slaughter the ass
See 'em on the big screen like Steve McQueen
Do somethin' and never be back once he leaves the scene
Keep more medicated pads than Stridex
For his own side wreck with no known side effects
Before you press charges use your noodle
So what when he grab the mic he crush your cute cuticles
Keep your mouth shut, everything will be beautiful
It would be awfully rude to you, now get back to your hooty hoo
Damn it, it ain't worth the drama, can it
From the calm bandit, eat rhymers like pomegranate
Soon as he stepped in he lit the room
Boom, reschedule my noon with Brit Hume
(DOOM!) In love with Mary Jane, she's my main thing
Pulled her right from that web head, what a lame brain
Maintain and say it, don't spray it
You wanna see your girl again, you might as well pay it
If I had a dime for every rhymer's that bust guns
I'd have a cool mil' for my sons in trust funds
When I was broker than a broke dick dog
I always kept a L to smoke in thick fog
When it rain, it sure do thunderstorm
I got more rhymes in the summer than musty underarms
One, two, microphone checker
First learned to neck off a Home Ec homewrecker
This is back when he was like crib age
When he hit the stage, it's like a gauge to the rib cage
Break the mic like a rock star break a guitar
And jump off the stage like "Yee haw!"
You might also like
(UN leader): We shall now vote for a new world leader. I nominate, DOOM. All in favor, say Aye
(Delegates (In unison)): Aye!
(Peter Parker): Oh no
(DOOM): DOOM, is master of the world
(Voice 1): We must hurry
(Voice 2): Wait! If you are really with us, prove it. Let me hear you say it. Tell me that DOOM is a tyrant and must be overthrown
(Voice 1): I-I have spent my life
(Voice 2): Say it! You have spent your life serving a tyrant. DOOM must be stopped
(Voice 1): I fear you're right, my friend
(DOOM Cronie): The President of the United States is on the phone
(DOOM): Mr. President, you're at the mercy of your deadliest enemy
(President): It is time you learned once and for all, DOOM. The United States does not barter with terrorists
(DOOM): You never learn, do you?
(Voice 1): Here, this is the address of friends in New York. They'll help

Metal Face DOOM
Operation Doomsday
You were very high
By the way, I re-up on bad dreams, bag up screams in fiftys
Be up on mad schemes that heat shop like jiffy (Pop-pop!)
In a instant, get smoked like Winston Cigarettes
Hoes get ripped off like Nicorette (Patch)
In real life, the real trife scene
Might snatch ya life like assault machine
Rifle, dead-up, setup like bull-fight
Be blunted how we like couldn't white, or in full flight
The unemotional, call me anti-social
On the run, off the gun death tally commercial
Death Valley is like rehearsal to the streets, to my peeps
GM, MF on the beat
Rhymes is chosen like the weapons of war
So keep from steppin' on my floor or delivery front-door
I bring it to ya'll motherfuckers, master yours
My disaster cause.. Hell, in gas drawls
The supervillain cooler than a million, I be chillin'
Still quick to slice squares like Sicilians
Don't make me have to hurt them feelings
I'll ruin you in the dirt that I be doin' in my dealings
(While I'm) Sendin' spirits through the ceilin', chrome peelin'
Dome blown within the comforts of your own home
Grown big, wheelin' and high rollin'
I hold the lye, it keeps the sty on my eye swollen
Holdin', foldin' the pal
Known as massive-versatile
I’d like to big-them-up Monsta Isle
You might also like
Uummm, yeah
I saw you in Hell with them gas drawls
Mhm

To my brother Subroc and Black Jewel, I crack brew for
Two more, three men, two up
I hit the brew up like nobody knows how X the unseen feels
When givin' crews a brush with death like between meals
Two times a day with brothers that's tight like a noose
With more rhymes in use than Dr. Seuss
Or motherfuckin' Mother Goose
X the suspicious flirter who every hooker heard'a
Next to malicious murda
A track type vicious, fulfillin' the pipe wishes
The misses may be legal, minus the baby eagle
Any given summer's eve, don't breathe
Sixteen shots, I do believe, and one up the sleeve
Master of the O who predict ya last pause
I told y'all, Hell and gas drawls
Breakin' glass and plastic jaw like federal drastic law
Fed up from fightin' secret war wit' them Fantastic Four
(Invisible Bitch)
Versus Doom wit' the metal face
Before I go to state, the hoe better settle case
The flow is at pedal pace, steady like tricycles
Beware all suckas is froze like icicles (Bag 'em up)
And baggin' bitches like nickels 'cause I lick 'em where they tickle
Before I hit the clit though, I'mma spit 'til I pronounce
More hits than a ounce, no doubt
About ta' bounce, X the unannounced, I'm out
And I like to give a shoutout to the brother Jet Jaguar
Megalon and King Geedorah
I call this joint right here Gas Drawls
In Hell with yours

If you're waiting for a parade, there ain't none
Sharpen up your spirit of adventure, the fabulous gay way
Hey, what's the big idea? (Yeah!)
I have no ideas, in fact, I'm quite bewildered
Now don't get gay with me
(Gay? Sir, I'm far from gay)
Now listen and keep your shirt on
Grown men in a rubber suit, runnin' around with a young boy
(Homo)

Oh shoot, get a load of that fruit
In thigh-high boots, red tighty-whities and blue cat suit
(Holy homos!) Even the rats know it’s tacky
"You ever see me slippin' like that bitch, just smack me"
Posin', chest and legs open, couldn’t stand worse
All was missin' was a bandana and a man purse
Cryin', dyin', laughin' 'til glands burst
Faster than a speeding glass, bleeding-ass ran first
Fixin' baby hair, messed up wavy curl
Under the cape the back of the S say baby girl
The things some people‘ll do for fame
It’s an herb, it’s a lame, it's, a Goddamn shame
Villain willing when them cold streets call
You can keep your hero and hold the meatballs
Worthy title, lock it with pockets on empty
He work harder than a steam engine like John Henry
Turn dirt to dollars like Don Henley
Ugly and still get hollers like Ron Jeremy
At least monetarily terribly
MC's need therapy, it’s like a fairy spree
Hit him with a kryptonite brick (Kryptonite!)
Children come and prick his dead body with a stick
Wrote this lyric from in the bed with a chick
She had the tightest grip around the head of my
You might also like
How much money you got?
I ain't got but four dollars on me
Damn
Anyway I don't got this whole (censored) for ya
Shit, you must be some kind of faggot man
My partner a faggot, why don't you come on out here man?
Man, what the hell?

...Bic, now can I get my pen back
Got no enemy, got no friend, black
With the Green Goblin got the Batcave robbed
Bust in Batman’s head bobbin’, slobbin’ Robin’s knob
Y'all already got your belts on the floor so
Kick them shits over here and click off the porno
Alfred come home, and found them both naked
Handcuffed to each other just as he had suspected
Red and chrome Batmobile, wheelin‘ and dealin’
Aquaman's sleepin' with the fishes for real for squealin’
Psst! The lo-lo on a seal skin blazer
It’s just a little graze from a razor-thin laser
Amazed at all these so-called wannabe players
Showin' off they titballs to all the free-gayers
It’s like a leotard fest
How it got started is any retard's guess
Regardless, that’s they choice, no hate debate
Becomes a problem when they try an attempt to go straight
And raise the monster rate in the whole population
It’s starting to affect the super pimpin' occupation
Now who’s the hater? Headline the newspaper
Fate of a fake you out caped crusader
Tied to the tracks, make a damn tram derail
Rap is like scam spam Nigerian e-mail
The man with no beard is more weirder than a she-male
Sucker got bagged on a Temazepam street sale
Told 'em one of ours set it up, yeah doubt
Did it like the dirty drawls, wet ‘em up and air it out
You got any money? (What?)
Listen, you got any money?
Man you goin' crazy? What the hell for?
Four dollars only, damn
Batman's gay (batty boys)

"Running desperately low on food, they were forced to turn back"
"Well, I'll be!"
"What's that villain doing?!"
"Wait princess, your voice sounds familiar
Well, it should—you see, DOOM wants me to marry him..."
"What?"
"...but after seeing what he has done to our peaceful world, I despise him. He intends to destroy all of us if I persist in refusing him, even now!"

Sheitan never came so ill, he got skill
Met a brother from the grill that gave my spine chills
All thirty three nerves, controlling my curves
Common sense just swerved every time I got served
Stress, frustration, empty rhetoric
Cold as winter in Connecticut, compassion lacking deficit
Thought it was love like, sent from above, you not a soulmate
More ways and actions of a primate
Who by low and census coming faker than extensions
Pissed away all good intentions, outta here sister was missin'
Intuition, maybe it was me, I couldn't see
Holding onto fantasy, getting bitten by reality

War wound, purple heart, love veteran
Morphine, pain killers, drugs and medicine
Anything just to forget the hurt
Incoming! Take cover, hit the dirt
On the front-line, there's casualties in the mind
And the POW's get left behind
Mentally scarred for life, love is war
And some chicks are just too hard to wife
You might also like
I shoulda deaded it from genesis instead of hittin' the Guinnesses
Now I'm free falling, cursing at the street, bawling
He ceased calling, no appetite for feast darling
So deep all in, I bet he never stop balling women
Forsake God for the sin of a man
Sacrifice a whole life for a slice, overstand?
Maybe it's a lack of pigment, loneliness imagine figment
Only got the car tinted to pull extra G's in it
Damn Jody, comin with the okie doke, pokie poke
Steady rockin boats, got me aimin' for ya throats
Sniper scope, weren't we supposed to elope?
Propose then ya froze, I don't think that I can cope

War wound, purple heart, love veteran
Morphine, pain killers, drugs and medicine
Anything just to forget the hurt
Incoming! Take cover, hit the dirt
On the front-line, there's casualties in the mind
And the POW's get left behind
Mentally scarred for life, love is war
And some chicks are just too hard to wife

Constant frustration, stemming from a no-win situation
Rushing lust and fornication adding to the complication
Patience is a virtue, pain run deep when love desert you
Listenin' to whisperin', choosing chaos over discipline
Simpleton, life should really be a piece of Entenmann’s
Relationships strengthening, flower essence: Penstemon
Gentlemen, my favorite shit, so I've never forsaken it
I persevere, make it fit, sculpting and reshaping it
Taking sips off a fifth of it, passionate
Intense, incense candles lit, scandalous
Emotional bandages, why would he abandon this?
Guess he couldn't handle it, the boss is magnanimous
War wound, purple heart, love veteran
Morphine, pain killers, drugs and medicine
Anything just to forget the hurt
Incoming! Take cover, hit the dirt
On the front-line, there's casualties in the mind
And the POW's get left behind
Mentally scarred for life, love is war
And some chicks are just too hard to wife

"Look! There, ya see"
"Oh, boy—here we go!"
"How come all you, college boys wear them faggotty-looking white shoes—"
"I don't care—"
"—they look funny as hell"
“That and them black knee stockings.”
"Stop!"
"Ah, yes, looks like she got burnt laces"
"You didn't wash your neck—sometimes we don't wash our necks, but that's ok
Oh, I—I washed my neck. Take—take a look at my neck"
"Hold it right there, you!"
"Where you're going—there are no jokes
Aw, boy! I'm beginning to think that armor-plated Gargoyle doesn't like me"

I remember when, last past November when
Clown kid got pounded in with the Timberlands
They left him trembling, he was not remembering:
Never tuck your denim in just to floss an emblem
Some would debate, "Wait, the fella ate gelatin
Or he been listening in to what his weathermens was telling him"
When I could feel it in my melanin, it's compelling
Us to break them off, no reassembling
No science-fiction to no theater near you, coming soon to
Fuck with you frequently like how phases of the moon would do
You could gather 'round like it was an eclipse
Just don't look directly to the bitch, you may be blinded by the scripts
Pass the L, the last to tussle in them shirttails
All hail, King Geedorah, the third rail
700 volts holds rap to a standstill
Fool ignore the rule, fuck up and get his man killed
Two bottles of Dom got his hands filled
And so goes the days of our lives as the hourglass sand spill
And built with Passion and a glass of the 'Ze
(And the lights went down and hey!)

And I knew it was the last day - Wig-Twisting Season
When some could get their wigs twisted back within reason
Mostly with these crimes of treason
And you'll be lucky if there's no squeezing even this evening
You might also like
From how he's feeling, thrilling choice of flow is sick
He's the villain with the million dollar voice-throw trick
He's like a ventriloquist, with his fist in the speaker's back
Couldn't think of no uniquer track, nope, sneak attack
It don't really matter how big them is. So much as a nipple
Cause you could have a chick with D-Triple
'Cept the nipple little, just hot off the griddle
Like how he do monkey rhymers, like Monkey-in-the-Middle by his damn self
Ain't no average MC ahead of me
Getting cheddar instead of the probably better pedigree
With nicknames, sick games as Rick James
Messy games, Sci.Fly such as Jesse James
Blast, I figure, ass-hawking ass titty licker
Last one to walk up in, fast-talking city slicker
Got bagged cause of the dirty chick with make-up
Bail out quick for the 7:30 wake-up
My only backup was an A-cup, as far as May
To when the leaves turn red and gold to Nimrod earthday
All else? Worthless to say
(And the lights went down and hey!)

That's when I knew it was the first day - Wig-Twisting Season
When some could get their wigs twisted back within reasoning
Mostly with these crimes of treason men
And y'all be lucky if there's no squeezing even this evening
It's like a mosquito, the much sweeter resent the act
I been bent back since my Physical went back
Since, Cultured more of my kin
And for them I keep an L rolled in this hellhole
Hold your head, use your head and hold, or be dead and cold
In the worsest way, soon as the leaves show red and gold
To 'round Nimrod release day
And all else? Needless to say
Wait a motherfucking minute! True facts presented
The names was probably changed just to protect who ain't in it
The XP was three-quarters tinted, 4/5ths was converted
The way his shit was twisted? Ask him if it hurted
(And the lights went down and hey!)

Wig-Twisting Season
When some could get their wigs twisted back within reasoning
Mostly with these crimes of lying, and fronting, and cheating
All types of different styles of treason

You know when you're gonna come in?
Nobody will never ever, ever, really, really know
Because the more you know, the more you know that you don't know shit!
Niggas'll never run out of shit!
So much shit, so much scripts through here, niggas never run out of shit...
Enjoy the roller coaster ride

Walk the path of Jesus, witness if Hell freezes
The mind teases reality, crack the pieces
Nothing eases; being chastise with blood baptize
Guys revise, acknowledge past lives
Statements will be made, acknowledge me (Acknowledge me)
My mind is Heaven's gate so enter me (Enter me)
My mind is the gate to Hell, so try to flee (Try to flee)
Both gates look the same, which will it be?
Demons scream from thought process
Enter semen, child born, stress
Body want to sleep but the mind can't rest
Measure pleasure through financial progress
When it come to currency, love is nonexistent
Foes modify, friends become so distant
Some hope you die, backstab in an instant
Foes I despise, disguised as allies
To sabotage, camouflage, loyalty is lies
To see God, look into my eyes
To see the Devil, then you look into my eyes
(As I rise from Hell's equator...)
You might also like
Cause I'ma slow it up, speed it up, slow it up, speed it up
Metal Fingers feed beats, Grimm Reaper eat 'em up
Speed 'em up, slow 'em up, speed 'em up, slow it up
Brainsick, tick, tick, tick, MF blow it up
Slow it up, speed it up, slow it up, speed it up
Metal Fingers feed beats, Grimm Reaper eat it up
Speed it up, slow it up, speed it up, slow it up
Brainsick, tick, tick, tick, MF blow it up

Take air, compress it, bless it, mix loops like Ku Klux
MF don't give two fucks
Nigga, quarterback blitz, popped, quickly fumble
Leave game with concussion, seeing stars and mumbles
This happens to any emcee that wants to rumble
Dynasties destroyed like Carringtons and Colbys
Noise, reduced, MF thinks in Dolby
Chop that ass in half like Obi-Wan Kenobi
Greatest of all time, God straight up told me
Greatest of all time, the Devil even told me
Icicles on surfaces of sun, we livin' coldly
Prophets be phony
And we attack, we switch like the Wu-Tang symbol
Still kill Jack even though quick and nimble, plain and simple
Pick niggas off while they ballin'
And die old like Stalin
Yes, Death, I hear you callin', I accept collect
Human sacrifice, must pay respect
We catch reck, nigga, we catch reck
And, we gonna, gonna
Slow it up, speed it up, slow it up, speed it up
Metal Fingers feed beats, Grimm Reaper eat 'em up
Speed 'em up, slow 'em up, speed 'em up, slow it up
Brainsick, tick, tick, tick, MF blow it up

Boom
MF Grimm, MF DOOM

Born like this, into this
As the chalk faces smile, as Mrs. Death laughs
As political landscapes dissolve
As the oily fish spit out their oily prey
We are born like this, into this
Into hospitals which are so expensive that it's cheaper to die
Into lawyers who charged so much, it's cheaper to plead guilty
Into a country where the jails are full and the madhouses closed
Into a place where the masses elevate fools into rich heroes
Born into this, walking and living through this
Dying because of this
Castrated, debauched, disinherited, because of this
The fingers reach toward an unresponsive God
The fingers reach for the bottle, the pill, the powder
We are born into this sorrowful deadliness
There will be open and unpunished murder in the streets
It will be guns and roving mobs, land will be useless
Food will become a diminishing return
Nuclear power will be taken over by the many
Explosions will continually shape the earth
Radiated men will eat the flesh of radiated men
The rotting bodies of men and animals stink in the dark wind
And there will be the most beautiful silence never heard
Born out of that, the sun hidden there
Awaiting the next chapter
You might also like
DOOM from the realm of El Kulum, smelly gel fume
Separating cell womb to Melle Mel, BOOM
Revelations in Braille, respiration inhale, view
Nations fail and shaking of a snake tail, make due
Blazing swords trace the haze, praise the Lord
Saving Grace, lace your broad, she say she bored
A crazy straw, ink and stale dry paraffin
Candy corn crap rappers pale by comparison
A bad samaritan averagin' above average men
Rancid rants havin' ramblin' savages scavengin'
For scraps, perhaps roadkill, if that
Gift of gab, and he flow ill, chrome stiff hat
Known for writin' lightnin' tight lines, chiefin', beefin'
Bein' off deep ends, divine bright shines even
Dimes quiet as mimes by design mighty fine
Slight rewind, tightly bind, blind lead blind
Need mines now, that was this is then, listenin'
To sizzlin' officialtons whisperin' "Him again"
Metal Face Finster playin' with the dirty money
Sinister, don't know what he sayin' but the words be funny
Major vet spaded through the vest with a bayonet
Save your breath, gave a F, pay your debt, they forget
Make her sweat bullets, crime pays no benefits
Then it gets wilder with more childisher degenerates
Three thousand years ago, Moses said:
"Every human being is responsible for his actions
Or thy being is still a beast, not yet human!"

You ought to let your uncle flow, my motorcycle trunkfuls
From two-one two-one, lose crumbs to chunks in bundles
Hands down, better than what your mans used to get
Standin' around from where the translucent looses spit
Missin' wheel, you don't listen, you're a feel-head
Sittin' in the kitchen pissin', twitchin', kissin' steel lead
Crime pays no dental, nor medical
Unless you catch retirement, county, state or federal
You heard like roaring waters in a seashell
If a tree fell, you couldn't tell from three cell
Be real careful, they tell him by the earful
Kids doing skid bids, acting out is terrible
Word is bond, fix your clothes, put a shirt on
Pants sagging back when you used to meant you had a skirt on
Squirts posin' as thuggers and hustlers
El Eloh closer than y'alls ball huggers and jugglers
Motherfuckers!

DOOM is transmitting a message to you
Super fools
I need to use more power

Mmm
Ladies
My favorite ladies

Mary — you make me wanna eat you
Every time I see you, it's like the first time I meet you
Fragrance like a flower — subtle and sweet too
Seductive and whatever, it might as well be see-through
Like my genie in a bottle
Miss could get me rich, look like a magaziney model
Before you know it, he have her on a stroll
Fresh and ripe, complexion like Acapulco Gold
If I had to guess — just right, not a day old
Like a cradle robber, copped her off, shop a trailer-load (Trailer load!)
Know the right number, you can get her
And hit it while you would've sold to the highest bidder
Like.. fruits and berries, bring daddy loot in a hurry
Just be cute, and don't worry
Type to make a nigga hallucinate and admit it
Then she started losin' weight and lettin' everybody hit it
(Ally) Unlike Ally — sometimes she get bitter
Always kept me happy, never had a problem with her
She used to let me use her back when I was looser
Respect her until to this day, and never did abuse her
I told her I'll be faithful, but she don't believe me
I probably could've been, if I'd never met Evie
She make me feel all fuzzy inside, it's loco
You won't get nowheres near her if you're broke though
Kept a shorty mad fine 'n' much thinner
If caught, I get mad time just for touchin' her
Knock wood, so much for hymens
So fly, she should be in the sky with diamonds
(Lucy) Little young thing, she liked to do the tongue thing
At times, she would play hard to get, frontin' or somethin'
She made me feel like the number one king
Run into her now, and we still catch a fun fling
Met her out in Central Park, that's one side
Had the God mentally sparked, reflectin' sunshine
She said, "You need to stop messin' with that white girl
She fuckin' with your head and got your heart in a tight curl" (Cookie) We messed around once or twice, but she don't know me
She helped me get money at the dunce price OT
Plus she from Colombia, so she really Spanish
Cookie known to make a cat bank account vanish
(Miss Hazy) And Miss Hazy — older woman, mature, Black
Every time she sees me, I end up gettin' towed back
All she want me to do is blaze it crazy
The only one complaint is that she make me too lazy
Sugar-mommy laced me with the butter navy Avi'
Just her way to make up for the headaches that she gave me
It's all gravy, when I'm done gettin' my mack on
Ally is always there to help me get back on
You might also like
Mmm
Ladies
My favorite ladies

The, the finest
As the life cycle goes on (Goes on)
And you learn to hold on (Hold on)
To things like the mic (The mic)
And you learn to appreciate who's the nicest
On said device, but who is (The finest)

Tommy Tashuma, too much drama, blind behind the rumor
Time and time and time, my mind, I'm trying to find a tumor
Tommy Tashuma, no time for humor
As soon as one of ya' men's dead in Hempstead
You trying to find Pumas
Sooner the better, even knitted a sweater already
Keep your leather
We comin' through the brutal weather, we ready to do whatever
Yo, DOOM, you with it? You know it like a poet, my brother
Hey, Gunn, you wit it? Whatever (The finest)

I know about going paid to broke to next day well-off
To bust a shell off, to dick-riders: "Get the hell off"
Made a call to a client, he must've had his cell off
A show-off, he has the same bike Puff fell off
I tell off the bat, from science to pure facts
Which niggas is wack 'til they last two tracks
Matter fact, y'all could wait for the rep to tell
The tall tale how he escaped from out the depths of hell
You might also like
When die, he gon' die like a soldier die, holding a swollen eye
Drinking Olde Gold, smoking a stog
Watching po-po patrol the beach, blowing my high, rolling by
When Gunn die, he gon' try to preach the streets then go to the sky

Yup! That hold water, like drizzle in a paper cup
This one etched in stone, the chisel with the paper up
I need a cut: a taper-up, edge-up
Niggas can't measure up, I'm here to get the treasure up

Hands up, hold 'em high, do or die, he got heat, no surprise
Stop the beat, close your eyes, got the weed, rolling lye
Not sweet so no demise, all the guys drops seeds to multiply
Whatever the prophecies hold to lie (Let's go!)

He bled my mother, my father, but can't bleed me
OD, ghetto misery
He bled my brother, my sister, but can't bleed me
A OG, ghetto misery
Bled my mother, my father, but can't bleed me
Sci.Fly, whole style stuck up
Used to talk to myself, I told him, "Shut the fuck up!"
Buckle up, 'cause it's about to be rough
He said, "Keep talking that shit, you 'bout to be snuffed"
Then we squashed it, I let em know: "Watch it --
We only met a time to join these rhymers in the mosh pit"
Gosh, it feels great just to increase the chance
For a pussy nigga face to hit the dance floor
I pull ya' top up, got clout, crack rock, what?
Now it's all good business, and so this bitch is locked up
On the dance floor, you got knocked out, your bitch got knocked up
Babyface, they can you, brand you, brand new machete
Damn, I just shook your hand and can't stand you already
Can't stand you, understand you deadly
But my hammer's like a band, my man, it's Brand New and Heavy
Yo' DOOM, you ready? Yeah! Yo, Gunn, you with it? Whatever

Come on stay, I wrote this rhyme on my born day
Remind me of the same style I flipped on Hey!
Yikes! Who can fuck with the likes
Of one such who scores touchdown and spikes mics?
Metal grill, with many styles, better still
Feel like number 26 on a roulette wheel
And deal, and run rings around rhymers
And run rings like number runners whose old-timers

Shorty in the all black, she think she all that
I called her, she said, "Don't call back!"
She called me, now what you call that?
Let's go back, I sold crack
Hold gats, smoke that, drink that, toke that
Fuck! Where that ho at? Where that dough at?
Suffering succotash! This hooker broke into his last buck of cash
He love her, motherfuck her ass
Metal feet dented your car fender
My agenda up in the basement party tipping the bartender
Is unbeknownst to you -- who could get body blown?
MF like Mike Fran Corleone
And got it sown, maricon, like to know what you staring at?
An invisible cat, who pull off disappearing act
Raised by a pack of wild wisdoms like Sweetback
Front? I'ma be back like brothers in the street act
Surrounded by a bunch a bad bitches like Sweetback
Fuck with me, I'll be back like niggas in the streets act (Streets act)

Of black misery
The finest

Good evening, ladies and gentlemen
("Hey!")
I'd like to thank you all for joining us this evening
Let me know if y'all with me, y'all
("Hey!")
Just a couple of things I wanna say

I only play the games that I win at
And stay the same with more rhymes than there's ways to skin cats
As a matter of fact, let me rephrase:
With more rhymes than there's ways to fillet felines these days
Watch the path of the black one: Supervillian
He wrecks clubs for delf in a drunken stupor, chillin'
Ready and willin' to inadvertently foil that
Plan of any rhymer, whiner or spoiled brat
Who got more snottier flows than snotty nose?
And holds mics like he knows karate body blows?
Nobody knows the trouble I see
From the MPV fly dirty tailin' the bubble eye thirty
For the record; this is some shit I just thought of, y'all
Science fiction that's not admissible ("Hey!") in no court of law
I live to rock mics 3-D
The only reason I seek to stop—to snuff the TV
I heard beats, they sound like karaoke
With monkey rhymers on a leash like don't have this fairy choke me
Hit 'em with a penny so we can get these peanuts
And I thought we was nuts, I used to get free cuts
They locks Lex Luthor up in Green Haven
Since when a nigga never really been too clean shaven
Misbehavin' rap stars need Listamint
Call me Mista Bent
I'm at where your sister went
Intelligent, used to write and be well spoke
Now all a nigga wanna do is fight and sell—("Hey!")
—tell a joke
This could lead to catastrophe
'Bout to stop the violence right after these last of three
Shots from the black bat got me at headlock
Holdin' on to sanity, by strands of that dreadlock
She told me, "Get off," I said, "Bitch!
Let me set this shit off so I can get rich right quick"
Then it hit me like the point of intoxication
Nigga, come out and rock this nation like ("Hey!") ox defacin'
A lot of niggas out is rusty like oxidation
In this world's strangest, most dangerous occupation
But you could do it, you the Super like in your building
Villian like trife Kinder is in All My Children
Plottin' and it sure to pay ends
With some real mature womens, and some more of they friends ("Hey!")
And when bad men roll tight, it's actual true
Like a pack of Big Bambú, with natural glue
Who grip necks of Becks to triple X?
He just came in 4-D: Follow the ripple effects
And it'll lead you right to him
Oh, snap!
It seems you walked into a trap, through rap
Zoinks!
This place is filled with pretender willies
One false move, and get broke off like end of Phillies
True believers
Ain't nothin new to a
Crook with special powers like how to tell the future uh-uh-
Rhyme of the month two page long
Bustin' off two gages with my cape on wrong
Son, it's on, remind me of a Raekwon tape song
With a fleet of super bad... Status: Rae Dawn Chong
Let me know if y'alls with me, y'all! ("Hey!")
National and geographic down to the titty-bar
Rep Monster Island City, y'all!
To all my brothers who is doin' unsettlin' bids
You could have got away with it if it was not for them
Meddlin' kids!
You might also like("Over here!")

"Hey!"
"Hey!"

Goddamn it
Super motherfucking villain goddamn it
About to get these millions, stacks and shit
Yo, his dip tried to tell him
Ooh, you're like the sun
Chasing all of the rain away
When you come around, you bring brighter days
She told him
You're the perfect one
For me and you forever will be
He told her
I will rock this microphone ... always!
I hold the mic, like niggas hold their girls tight
But I ain't after her, probably your Acura pearl white
The hooker? Nah, as many times as I done hit it
To be specific more times than dimes in a briz-nick
When you broke North, I crashed the barbecue like Riddick
At the Garden, true, that's the God in me, pardon you
Jeepers! I was tore back, the ho gained access to my beeper
Called back my secretary gatekeeper
Like I ain't peep her, I said, "Darling you was stupid though
You know the Super Villain, (He is a super) ho"
I had this style ever since I was a child
I got this other style I ain't flip in a while, it goes
Pure scientific intelligence, with one point of relevance
Emcees whose styles need Velamints
And once the smoke clear, tell 'em it's
The Super motherfucking Villain, nigga came through raw like the elements
On 99 plus one of them
And with a flow to pull a fraud nigga file from out in front of him
When we with y'all, we had tons of fun
Me and my duns and them
Actual true and living sons of them
Dead planets and God-U's
Throwing divine rules to come through, we will over charge you's
Fool, and won't feel remorse for shit
Except for one time, once I had took my fronts out and lost them shits
Scientific going berserk like Red Alert
I really went to pick up wiznork for cheddar dirt
To fund these experiments is where I went
Obviously dead bent, and spent every red cent
To rule you, and still drop more jewels than schools do
Or even TV news that's designed to fool you (who?)
Yeah you, who hear the most grimy suggestions
From brothers with fly names and I.D. questions
That's a Secret like Victoria teddy sets that's edible
Them's not ready yet for the incredible
Team of MC's who broke all fakes
Who thought they were slaughter proof
Stomping through like North Face waterproof
Tat-tat, that's the end of that
After hit the bar where baby girl bartender at
I told her more wine, mingling with no single mentions of
Stay tuned for more spine tingling adventures of ...You might also like

Things take a turn for the worse
Send him back where he came from
We got shots fired down the street

Ba-di-yahhhh
Alright, steady
Ba-di-yah, ba-di-yah
Absolute power corrupts absolutely
If they get the Villain surrounded then- (Ahem)

Good to the last drop niglets
Hood 'til the blast pop them bigot-ass piglets
Go for the bosses' dicks or higher
Beatwalkers still get caught up in the crossfire
Get at the sarge, he give the orders
The rest of them punks'll quit the force or get slaughtered
Use stealth, play alleys, jet
We'd rather not alert them nosy Federales, yet
Keep the local random cases in each state
Escape to the beaches for the season and be straight
You on call, keep your Nikes on tight, no white
Anybody tell get lighted on sight
The ringer's on a need-to-know basis
No persons, places, things and no faces
Get bagged, you're on your own, acted alone
Back home, your fam'll be provided for while you're gone
It's a price on all snitches
If you nice, bring back eyes, fingers, toes and pictures
Send copies to those who singin' the blues
Mothers and fathers who's unjustly accused
Our species is in danger
Wear gloves and strike in a city where you a stranger
That'll let them fools know
And send them a message, let them P.O.W.'s go
Absolute power corrupts absolutely
Now you have your orders, do your duty
A new way to let the shots spray
A few drops a day, double espresso, D.A. latte
No smell nor taste, hardly traceable
Wait to waste a prosecutor paid to get the case pulled
Learn 'em a lesson for givin' bros mad stresses
A long list of C.O.'s names and addresses
A fake judge with many years on the bench
That sent some good cats to the chair, was aired in a trench
They say her tongue was teared out, smeared and drenched
The whole system scared in doubt with a fear stench
And she was tortured, some say post-mortem
The suspect took his own life before they caught him
It's real spooky like a real trife movie
Remember the part when Terminator killed Tookie
Absolute power corrupts absolutely
If they get the Villain surrounded, son, then shit
Shed blood, some'll be shooken
Just look with they head in the mud, red flood (Villain!)
You might also like
One of the things we ran into the unknown
We we couldn't get at the door pulled as quick as we wanted to
And once we did, finally pull the door and breach the interior door
There's a man trapped inside of it
Basically that man trap is a cage
'Fore we run in, we're stuck in there and they can shoot us
While we're just, we're stuck in a cage

Enough is enough
Enough is enough
Yeah yeah yeah yeah, ho
Go with the flow
Ayo, I'd like to set this microphone 'fore I start right quick
Microphone check 2-2-1-2-1-2

Big up all the Monsta Island massive
And beware before I triple dare you like the last kid
Who asked me what we don't got that you got son
For one flow that's elementary, my dear Watson
Secondly, ever since I was little
Not so much to riddle, least rhyme to the syllable
Keep tracks that make a Arab thief clap
With no hands, I chopped these drums off Truly Yours, G. Rap
Actual fact, relax
In this land of lyrical loss, black, I'm not the cool Sleestak
The one who might stop and talk to you
Poison to few, niggas who be biting styles I'm like pork too
Ooh, what you got to lose? Let mud fly
When I got blues, I chew whole crews that's Bud Dry
So why ask why the styes from the cess
Shit be fucking with my eye as I pull it to the chest
The super motherfucking villain grip the mic with an iron hand
Throwing MCs to the fire from out the frying pan
It ain't no use in trying, man, son stop crying
Fronting like you death-defying, need to stop lying
Speak your piece only once you're spoken to first
Now let me hear your verse while I'm choking you
With well refined rhymes like a editor
Throw them to my collections of skulls and spines like Predator
Fuck around, the only niggas who could hear the same sound
(Who?) Was Jet Jaguar and James Brown
(Yeah yeah, only them two)
And I'm glad I took the time to write their names down to big 'em up (True, true)
You might also like
I'd like to say, "Hi, it's Sci.Fly, the odd Merlin"
That's quick to whip up a script like Rod Serling
Who eye on bad bitch who used to whip the Sterling
Who see God tore but never see God hurlin'
My man Grimm had his little monkey like Space Ghost
Me myself, I got flavors that out-taste most
With numb gums, some rhymers is lactose
Back to you MF DOOM, you late show host
S to the U to the P-E-R-uh
Who chronicle these times in a 3D horror
Thriller porno co-starrer in a realer drama
Who break bread with stingy kin-men, Indian borrower
Lone gunman who candidly flip fly flows
Single-handedly with one eye closed
In a fly pose, no shirt Alayé
May see me stack the quarter-mill cash pay
That's that inner smash way how he did it
Motherfucker probably couldn't peep it past a minute, it's the–
Exquisite scripts, that quick shit, go with flow
That's how we do it though

Yeah, yeah, I'd like to give a special shout-out
Raamers and L. Rockwell
Since depths of hell, Pure Mathematics
Fold 'em stacks like crack-matics
Since the depths... In love of Allah, in presence of Allah
Peace
Ayo, yeah yo, it's MF
 MF Grimm, The Magician
Metal Face DOOM
Your Concurrence In The Above Is Assumed

Who you think I am, but who you want me to be?

When I rock, jock niggas in shellshock
Don’t watch the birdie, watch the clock go tick-tock
I rip shop, I make your girl’s bottom lip drop
Yo, word to the truckers at the pit stop, I’m hip hop
I hold heat, never forget what niggas told me
They showed me other emcees trying to fold me
They owe me, yo, plus them niggas mad slow, G
I got my “Get U Now,” so I’m coming with my homie
Here’s the plan: stick ‘em up, I enter
Through the window, stoop down so we can’t see our crescendo
Pass the indo.  Yo, he used to be our friend though
Yeah, but that’s the reason I don’t really like to lend dough

From the corner, cylindrical triangle hat says “Dunce,” lyrics precise
Like forensical science, leave you entangled for months
Trying to figure who done it, you fronted, got your shit stunted
Didn’t have to be that way.  Some saw the light coming and they shunned it
For the wickedness of those who despise life and worship death
Be a savage, match shit eye-for-eye, tooth-for-tooth, breath-for-breath
In the last days of the countdown, shit is just that drastic
Write journals like Hebrew prophets, study math like an Aztec
You might also like
Loved not for who you think I am but who you
Want me to be, a true thugging emcee
True thugs with no strings attached
I wanna give you my slugs and don’t wanna take ‘em…

Box sprays with my box-cutter in my boxers
Shots sprayed on the cops’ hostages, we rastas, Rockaway
Boulevard, got love obnoxious, got five
Cops today for my Rockaway niggas that rock braids, got paid
A-Rock, you know how I rock.  Meet me at
The Lobster’s.  I suggest I should dress proper
Copped a buzz, I copped a Dutch, I got a lot of love
With no strings attached

Rhymes, rhymes, rhymes, we got plenty
Dimes, dimes, dimes, too many
Sparked up and chat, you keep counting
I do my thing, jealous niggas keep doubting
Rock ‘n’ roll, lock ‘n’ load
Emcees out for pots of gold, we stop ‘em cold
In their tracks and take all their chipseses
All their DATs, all their bullshit mixeses
Give ‘em credit?  Nah, dead it.  We just
Flip the callisthenic, toss the Andy Pettitte to set it
We grand-slamming and never bystanding
And pussy emcees we abandon
Flew in from Monsta Island just to rag shit with jet lag
With brothers specialized in ways how us not to get bagged
Egads!  I bring confusion like roll call
To emcees so-called, hoes be like, “Yup, I told y’all”
So socialize.  My bio show I dip, dip, dive
Memorize like Iomega zip drive
Go to the bar to drink to get soberer, King Geedorah
Eat the head of a king cobra like Ginkoba

Kong in the cut like cold meat, I hold heat so sweet
Roll deep with no beef.  Those that doze deep
Closed sheets foes chose to speak with.  Reach over
To reload the reef, swift from feet to teeth, keep
Kongcrete parallel to body ‘til the next male
Shotties and hotties still waiting to exhale
Smell the bloodbath when slugs caught, slugs passed
In bloodsport, bugged laugh and bugged thoughts caught
Some eyes, make the K-Slash stagger like a Bocker drinking vodka
Hit note like Sinatra at a opera, drop a flocker
Orville Redenbacher, get you, got you, shot the two L’s
Without the proper for the album’s knocker, hit the liquor
Quicker than a quicker picker-upper girl and
Stick her, I leave more nuts than a Snicker, kick her
To the curb, punk a bitch, stomp a chick
For now call me Kong, Monsta Isle, Monsta Click (Blao!)
Loved not for who you think I am but who you
Want me to be, a true thugging emcee
True thugs with no strings attached
I wanna give you my slugs and don’t wanna take ‘em back

Mmmm!
The flow is toe in, precision as an afro trim
All big letters but isn't no acronym
Smack the thin grin off a chin for crack smoking
DDT the first bar, leave this track back broken
Chrome grown men doing business with Anglo-Sax and them
Lacking swing but that banjo's so relaxing
As the wax spin, hacking axes in the wind
Pretend it's just a pen, see if you can pencil 'em in
Tense, mention men of honor fenced in
Census is tens, the wheels fall off then it's the end
Don't get keelhauled in
Villain always been, feel real, genuine ballskin
Not to call the whole crowd out
It's just a few chumps, and you know who you are like a shoutout
Place 'em in your loud mouth and taste 'em like a pastry
Waste of space face hastily bow out gracefully
Disappear, reappear and disappear again
Villain not his hair, he's no Afro-American
If that's the case, he'd be a bald-headed African
Taking all the credit and jetted, astral traveling
Turn a man into a mannequin for AFLAC'n
And being tough actin' Tinactin bluff jacking
He wears a mask so when he dogs his face
Each and every race, could absorb the bass
In the place to be, don't believe the hyperbole
It's like a murder spree, get sniped verbally
Or beat in the head with lead pipe languages
For street cred, leave him for dead in anguishments
The slang suggest it was the guy in the glasses
Who came to help the people with they minds in they asses
You set trip and get a grip like Spalding
These walls is thin, feel genuine ballskinYou might also like

Yeah, that's right
It's not a Hardy Boy mystery neither
This is real shit
This shit come on right after Hart to Hart y'all
No doubt, seven o'clock Fantasy Island
This episode is "Death to a Brooklyn Man"
And this is Tony's Angels, aiyyo

It was three white bitches who worked for Tony Starks
Undercover agents, far beyond narcs
Amazed by their beauty marks, Wonder Woman bracelets
Knee-high boots that was made by Clarks
My dick got hard at how they spoke and shit
Every language was music to the kid as if
I was modern day King Midas
Doreen, Skye and Kelly, Starky's Angels, Shaolin's finest
Though it happened in the streets of Brooklyn
Plus I played the whip real low cause my face was woofin'
My Angels jetted out of Albee Square, gun out, wrap in their hair
Kinda crowded so they clapped in the air
Chased a nigga down block for block, squeezing Glocks
These mommies real angels, took one off his top
He's a rapist, murderer, convict, burglar
The more they ran, the more their skirts got dirtier
Sending shots like check day, FedEx expressway
Boom bow bing, you heard the gunplay
"Who shot that duck out the window", Mr. Lee said
"Three pay now, you fucking weed head"
We can stop the finest suspect, he's dead
Then I pulled up, "Come on girls to Club Med"
You might also like
Stay tuned for the conclusion
Three's Company: "Family Jewels"

Two brown sisters assisted the Villain, DOOM
He woke up stoked like they was still in the room
Freed his right arm and leg, it was more like a sweep
Release his other leg, arm, head and rose to his feet
Staggering except for the socks and mask, naked
Threw on the boxers, searching for the Treo, checkin'
For the keys, the dough, a robbery expected
Yet nothing obvious was missing, recollected
Now why Hollywood hotties stepped in Giuseppe Zanotti's
Personnel nurses, Chanel purses, CLK shottie
Chasing Patrice with Thai iced teas
